sup you to burn eh 31 again a cave out
of g15 okay today I'm going to show you
how to do little color to be for ps3
ranking of glitch ok to start first of
all you need up in your barracks go and
check any of your classes um you're a
new challenges go and check which of
your guns you have all the way to 149
kills and then after you do that like me
I have the m16 to 149 okay you need a
gun with 149 kills just one so you can
go to 150 okay then just go to Trevor
kind of match i prefer a cage match and
just wait to get our match
he was with the gut they have one in 49
in right away you need to sign out and
sign back in in less than 30 seconds
sign out sign back in and just get a
kill with whichever other gun just sign
up see I already got all my points back
okay now you just quit the match hey
look at that i won
I like that song do you see I got
because XP see right here to XP okay
I still got one foot nine kills so you
could keep on doing this as long as you
want don't do it too much because of
service my fine doubting you might get
them for a little out of its ok thanks
everyone for watching please comment and
rate thank